# Academic-Odyssey

HERE EVERYONE WILL LIST OUT WHAT WORK THEY HAVE DONE FOR THE PROJECT

Dev: Completed the UI/UX design for the Trivia game of my challange, i.e., as to what the trivia game would look like. For the next phase, the trivia game would be updated to select the correct answer from the 4 choices given for a question and that would help in order for the player to clear my challange and move on towards the next level. The file can be found in the xyz folder. Completed the creation of zombies and their movements. As we move forward with phase-2, would update zombies with NavMeshAgent for better navigation towards the main player of the game. For present, have coded the zombies to move towards the main player. For demo example, when you play the game, you would notice a red and green character to move towards the cube and as you move the cube the character should move towards the cube no matter where the cube goes. For the orignal game I would use NavMeshAgent in order to navigate the game stage in order to not cause glitches. The files for zombie can be found in the Zombie folder.

Kwaku: Completed modelling the ACEB building along with creating the third person view character controller, camera and movement. Along with scripts and scenes to load the different floors when the elevator is reached. Finally, the second boss level consisting of the memory game is partially completed with the memory sequence appearing when the large cube is clicked on and the buttons signalling that they've been clicked when a guess is inputted.

Obaid: Completed the interface for the stairs challenge for my level. I have an on collision script for when the user falls, when not making it through to the next step which will then prompt another script to open up the canvas. To make sure that the actual script is workingI have it running through the Console as a testing mechanism. All I have left is to add the music and then adding actual questions to the yes and no answer popup. I have to also add the zombies to some of the stairs.

Teja: I have completed the basic foundation required for my game. I have the stage for the game, which generates three coins that need to be hit with a ball to pass the level within a given time. In addition to this, I have completed the collision aspect of the code for the ball and coins. I still have to work on implementing my cue to hit the ball and the timer.

Zain: I have practically completed my level, all that is left to add is the dialouge and music in the background, as well as actually implementing the Game Objects in the map which Kwaku has worked on. This will be done next week. On top of that, I also have completed the Character Customization which will be seen at the beginning of the game. (FOR TESTING PURPOSES, THE RIDDLES ARENT FULLY IMPLEMENTED YET, BUT THE PADLOCK OPENS THE GATE WITH THE CODE 7128). My game was a lot less coding intensive as it mainly involved interaction with an NPC (which isn't configured yet) and more importantly, visual puzzles. Since the puzzles are mainly visual such as riddles, finishing this was not too hard. The character customization was more technical, and so was the character movement, which I somewhat helped Kwaku create.
